Updating README.md (#19)
v3io/sidecar-proxy: README.md

# Sidecar proxy

> A container meant to run alongside a service (in the same pod) in order to serve Prometheus metrics for that service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A containerized proxy meant to run alongside a service (in the same pod) in order to serve Prometheus metrics, and facilitate scale-to-zero flows
```

> Supported metrics:

Reviewer: Suggest to add subblocks here per supported services, otherwise jupyter_kernel_busyness looks really weird as a supported metric since it's very service specific

* `num_of_requests` - prometheus `CounterVec` that simply counts requests using a reverse proxy. 
Supports both HTTP (Go's built in ReverseProxy) and Websocket 
(https://github.com/koding/websocketproxy) requests<br>

* `jupyter_kernel_busyness` - prometheus `GaugeVec` that is set to 1 if Jupyter has one or more busy kernels, and to 0 
otherwise.
Periodically queries Jupyter's `/api/kernels` endpoint

The container includes a server that serves Prometheus metrics through the `/metrics` endpoint.

All metrics contain these labels: `namespace`, `service_name`, `instance_name`.

> The code was built so it will be easy to extend it and add new metrics. it's simply done by creating a new metrics 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code was built so it will be easy to extend it and add new metrics. This is  performed by creating new metric handlers that implement ...
```
